{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f6\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green116\blue0;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 //\
// Project notes\
//\
\
BUGS\
\
NEED\
\
MISSING STUFF\
\
Polish:\
\
****** SUBMIT:\
\
Description.\
\
****** ONCE SUBMITTED:\
\
Website (Feedback). Video. Press Release. Mac demo? Contest?\
\
\
***** FOR LATER:\
\
More levels.\
\
crashes in [CCScheduler tick] just before last bubbles disappear and ready to play shown in tutorial??? -- "fixed"? by making stage 7 bubbles disappear instead of animate.\
\
- show twinkles hitting balls, \
// http://groups.google.com/group/levelsvg-support/browse_thread/thread/c2432a0aa2c8ae00\
- show animation/particlefx when balls go offscreen\
\
- 'tick' sound on ball/platform collision, make it not suck\
\
- ghost obstacles are additive with each other's colors; we really want to make them clip or make lighter or something.\
\
- save remembers number of balls, not targets or positions\
asked Richard Q:\
- saving\
asked list:\
- saving\
CCNode will be NSCoding-able in 1.1 or later; Box2D who knows\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://groups.google.com/group/levelsvg-support/browse_thread/thread/9e6169a580f96d94/b4253512f38d2c70#b4253512f38d2c70"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Save/restore Box2D + cocos2d state? - LevelSVG support | Google Groups}}\
\
Options: Music(or iPod)(or mod)(or CoreMidi), on/volume, FX volume?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/wiki/doku.php/cocosdenshion:faq#what_values_can_i_use_for_gain"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 cocosdenshion:faq - cocos2d for iPhone}}\
\
Support/Review?\
\
About/Credits to get at from title?\
\
- should achievement reports send partial percentages?\
\
- should check GC authentication on activate? (turning airplane mode on then reactivating doesn't trigger stashed achievement sending...)\
\
- should load a saved game straightaway and pause it?\
\
- moving obstacles should keep moving while ghosted?\
\
- fix up textures in platforms, see about triangles/arbitrary polygons/circles\
\
- some more backgrounds\
\
- head to head play -- can we get physics to be consistent?\
   Nope, don't need that; have them challenge to each play an unlocked level, first to finish (or last to lose) wins, obstacles do not become transparent. Should have a leaderboard for that.\
- level designer for iPad using DrawKit; email levels to iPhone\
\
Layout:\
\
- Black holes\
- Teleporters\
- Balls that follow a path or in a circle\
- wall rotation around a point inside or outside self, with apparently infinite mass\
\
Bonuses: (make this an IAP?)\
\
- need to pick ball during play, show it with glow\
- fireball\
- electric ball\
- outside walls\
- show trajectory\
- +1 ball\
- +1 life\
\
*****************************\
\
SVG support\
\
Inkscape objects:"\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs24 \cf0 Rectangles: 
\i0 It will create a solid box2d rectangle (1 fixture). They support: 
\i restitution
\i0 ,\

\i density
\i0 , 
\i friction 
\i0 and 
\i isSensor. 
\i0 Take into account that 
\i rounded 
\i0 boxes are not supported.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \'95	
\f1\i 3D Boxes: 
\i0 They are supported, but they are not very useful for 2d games.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Ellipses: 
\i0 It will create a solid box2d circle (1 fixture). If the X-radius is different from the Y- radius, it will create a circle of radius: (rx+ry)/2. They support: 
\i restitution
\i0 , 
\i density, friction 
\i0 and 
\i isSensor.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 v0.6 - \'a9 Sapus Media 2010
\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Stars: 
\i0 It will create a body with multiple edges (multiples fixtures). Since these objects are not \'93solid\'94 objects, 
\i density 
\i0 is not supported.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \'95	
\f1\i Spirals: 
\i0 It will create a body with multiple edges (multiple fixtures). Since these objects are not \'93solid\'94 objects, 
\i density 
\i0 is not supported.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Pencil: 
\i0 Limited support. \cf2 Warning: \cf0 Only useful to create straight lines. If it is used as a 'freehand' pencil, it will create objects that will make box2d crash.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Pen: 
\i0 It will create a body with multiple edges (multiple fixtures). Since these objects are not \'93solid\'94 objects, 
\i density 
\i0 is not supported.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Calligraphy
\i0 : Limited support. \cf2 Warning: \cf0 Only works with very simple objects, otherwise it will create objects that will make box2d crash.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1\i Text
\i0 : Not supported\
Additional features:\

\f2 \'95	
\f1 Each of the supported objects can be transformed (translated, rotated and/or scaled)\

\f2 \'95	
\f1 Each of the supported objects can be grouped with other supported objects.\

\f2 \'95	
\f1 Each of the supported objects can be joined (union) with other supported objects, thus, creating just one box2d object.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs20 \cf0 ".\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Object syntax:\
\
Attribute: physics\
"
\f1\fs24 Supported physics properties in the created SVG objects:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \'95 
\f3 restitution
\f1 : float number. The restitution (elasticity) usually in the range [0,1].\

\f2 \'95 
\f3 density
\f1 : float number. If density is not present or if density is 0, the body will be treated as an static body. Otherwise it will be treated as a dynamic body.	Usually in kg/m^2.\

\f2 \'95 
\f3 friction
\f1 : float number. The friction coefficient, usually in the range [0,1]. 
\f2 \'95 
\f3 isSensor
\f1 : expects a boolean (0 or 1). Only supported on \'93solid\'94 objects (circles and\
rectangles)\

\f2 \'95 
\f3 fixedRotation
\f1 : expects a boolean (0 or 1). If enabled, then the body won't rotate.\

\f2 \'95 
\f3 type
\f1 : an string. It could be \'93static\'94, \'93dynamic\'94 or \'93kinematic\'94. By default it will be \'93static\'94 if density is 0. If density is > 0 then, by default it will be \'93dynamic\'94.
\f0\fs20 "\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Attribute:	game_data\
Format:	object=mediumball,objectParams=color:gold\
		object=platform,objectParams=color:salmon\
// 
\f4\fs24 \cf3 \CocoaLigature0 objectParams=direction:vertical;target:1;visible:NO;
\f0\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
Params for object type, parsed in -setParameters:\
\
BZBodyNode -\
\pard\tx420\pardeftab420\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	(empty, to be overridden)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 BZBall -\
\pard\tx420\pardeftab420\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	"color", as in ball pngs: [ aqua | blue | gold | green | lime | pink | purple | red | yellow ]\
BZPlatform - \
	"color", as in one of the names in TWUIColors.h, or xxxColor in UIColor.h, apparently camel case is ok\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 BZPlatform1 -\
\pard\tx420\pardeftab420\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	"color", as in one of the names in TWUIColors.h, or xxxColor in UIColor.h, apparently camel case is ok\
	"visible", "no" or any string + default == "yes"\
	"angular", experiment in passing ApplyTorque() argument for rotating which worked poorly\
BZMovingPlatorm - \
	"color", as in one of the names in TWUIColors.h, or xxxColor in UIColor.h, apparently camel case is ok\
	"direction", "horizontal" or any string + default = "vertical"\
	"duration", float number defaulting to horizontal = 4, vertical = 1.5, seconds(?)\
    "translation", float number defaulting to horizontal = 250, vertical = 150, pixels\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *****************************\
\
"Linear damping" is apparently how to implement friction.\
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2569374/friction-in-box2d\
\
*****************************\
\
http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=10726.0;wap2\
"
\f5\fs32 I want move a Box2D body in a circular pattern. It's a pretty trivial thing to do.
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 This works perfectly with SetXForm :
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 Code:
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 //orbitAngle loops from 0 to 360
\f6 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 float dX = cos( orbitAngle * PI / 180.0 ) ;
\f6 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 float dY = sin( orbitAngle * PI / 180.0 ) ;
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 b2Vec2 moveVec = b2Vec2( body->GetPosition().x + dX / scale, body->GetPosition().y + dY / scale);
\f6 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 body->SetXForm( moveVec , body->GetAngle() );
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f5 The problem is SetXForm doesn't work very well with the outside forces applied to the body.
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 I know I have to use impulses, however this doesn't produce what I want :
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 Code:
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 float dX = cos( orbitAngle * PI / 180.0 ) ;
\f6 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 float dY = sin( orbitAngle * PI / 180.0 ) ;
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 b2Vec2 impulseVec = b2Vec2( 0.2 * dX , 0.2 * dY );
\f6 \uc0\u8232 
\f5 body->ApplyImpulse( impulseVec , body->GetWorldCenter() );
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f5 The body makes half circles and never returns to origin.
\f6 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f5 What is the obvious thing I'm missing?"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forums.toucharcade.com/showpost.php?p=1329642&postcount=53"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 Touch Arcade - View Single Post - Make a list -- TCR for iOS game developers}}}